# maternal_health_care

Maternal Health Care System Using a Pre-Trained model

Advances in public health and medical care have enabled better pregnancy and birth outcomes. The rates of perinatal health indicators such as maternal mortality and morbidity; fetal, neonatal, and infant mortality; low birthweight; and preterm birth have reduced over time. However, they are still a public health concern, and considerable disparities exist within and between countries. For perinatal researchers who are engaged in unraveling the tangled web of causation for maternal and child health outcomes and for clinicians involved in the care of pregnant women and infants, artificial intelligence offers novel approaches to prediction modeling, diagnosis, early detection, and monitoring in perinatal health. Machine learning, a commonly used artificial intelligence method, has been used to predict preterm birth, birthweight, preeclampsia, mortality, hypertensive disorders, and postpartum depression. Real-time electronic health recording and predictive modeling using artificial intelligence have found early success in fetal monitoring and monitoring of women with gestational diabetes especially in low-resource settings. Artificial intelligence–based methodologies have the potential to improve prenatal diagnosis of birth defects and outcomes in assisted reproductive technology too.Advances in public health and medical care have enabled better pregnancy and birth outcomes. The rates of perinatal health indicators such as maternal mortality and morbidity; fetal, neonatal, and infant mortality; low birthweight; and preterm birth have reduced over time. However, they are still a public health concern, and considerable disparities exist within and between countries. For perinatal researchers who are engaged in unraveling the tangled web of causation for maternal and child health outcomes and for clinicians involved in the care of pregnant women and infants, artificial intelligence offers novel approaches to prediction modeling, diagnosis, early detection, and monitoring in perinatal health. Machine learning, a commonly used artificial intelligence method, has been used to predict preterm birth, birthweight, preeclampsia, mortality, hypertensive disorders, and postpartum depression. Real-time electronic health recording and predictive modeling using artificial intelligence have found early success in fetal monitoring and monitoring of women with gestational diabetes especially in low-resource settings. Artificial intelligence–based methodologies have the potential to improve prenatal diagnosis of birth defects and outcomes in assisted reproductive technology too.Advances in public health and medical care have enabled better pregnancy and birth outcomes. The rates of perinatal health indicators such as maternal mortality and morbidity; fetal, neonatal, and infant mortality; low birthweight; and preterm birth have reduced over time. However, they are still a public health concern, and considerable disparities exist within and between countries. For perinatal researchers who are engaged in unraveling the tangled web of causation for maternal and child health outcomes and for clinicians involved in the care of pregnant women and infants, artificial intelligence offers novel approaches to prediction modeling, diagnosis, early detection, and monitoring in perinatal health. Machine learning, a commonly used artificial intelligence method, has been used to predict preterm birth, birthweight, preeclampsia, mortality, hypertensive disorders, and postpartum depression. Real-time electronic health recording and predictive modeling using artificial intelligence have found early success in fetal monitoring and monitoring of women with gestational diabetes especially in low-resource settings. Artificial intelligence–based methodologies have the potential to improve prenatal diagnosis of birth defects and outcomes in assisted reproductive technology too.
